yo Raheem here wild card gym here in
Hollywood with Freddie Roach you know
we're here for his out shamming one of
your many acclaimed fighters at the
moment first we saw him in China and his
approach the fight didn't seem to be
what you would train with I mean can you
break down for me his performance in the
first fight well you know he didn't
really like babies you get a little too
high in his toes and find any good
reverted back to the damage the style
and so forth and he was really excited
about his first pro fight and I think
that a lot to do with it but uh I think
he settled down a lot better and he said
look good training so far and I expect
him to get better you know it took me
like from Brian Viloria Virgil hill from
the Olympics to rule title it took me
four years to get them there and
everyone once this got it happen in a
couple months you know so it's a bit of
a process he's on a fast track though
he's gonna be gentle or like weaker than
those guys again after at his age but um
over I these into very well now it's
already been reported he got 300,000 for
his first fight the place was packed
this is more nationalist fanfare even in
Manny Pacquiao had at the beginning how
is he handling that and how are you
guiding him through such a moment his
career so early well you know there is
that end of it when he does with his
money he's not my concern but these were
what he does by secure is and I told
that we we need to impress the people a
little bit more we need to give the fans
what they want and I don't feel you did
in the first fight and I don't in this
fight I want is you know sit down any
punches a lot better and vital more like
were professional and he's been doing
that for me in training so far and
hopefully that will carry over into the
fight when he steps to the ring for the
second time
he's fighting a guy with a winning
record which is somewhat unusual for a
fighter the second fight usually bring a
guy along against guys with losing
records so the challenges is already in
front of them what kind of adjustments
are you going to make in the ring as he
steps up in competition so quickly well
you need to sit down as punch a little
bit more uses power and after you
somehow I uses speed to get away and
just you know he bikes with Brian
Viloria in the gym I was everyday fiddle
is for his first fight he's dead even
with the world champion and I expect him
to fight like that and lightly like it
does with Brian and when he does that
he's at his best now even though we've
got pack owl on the horizon it's not til
November but we haven't seen him here in
the gym yet there's been reports that he
may only train and the Philippines and
China do you expect him here in
Hollywood for any of the camp no he is
Macau is only an hour-and-a-half flight
away from the Philippines it'll be
ridiculous for the train here we'd have
to deal with jet lag and so forth so we
can train the Philippines are gonna have
to deal with that this short hop over
will go already now in the past you've
had your share of troubles keeping him
focused in the Philippines being that
that's the only place in camps going to
be in a little bit in Macau are you at
all concerned about him staying focused
and the camp going away you need it to
go well there is a
Mike unsworth everything's locked out
the the gym is very secluded is very
protected there'll be no spectators no
fanfare um I think we gonna have a
really good camp and shimming sending em
to that also and I've honest man rosea
moving so we read a lot of guys to the
Philippines for this show and I think I
I think we need we need to have our best
camp ever and we knew we need a best I
never of course last question so i can
let you go when you size up the matchup
with brandon Rios talk to me about how
you see that fight going one of the
strengths and weaknesses for pacquiao
going into a fight with with such a
slugger well you know brandon rios like
to exchange in these value many many as
knock out power and i think Brenda will
catch him somewhere along the way buddy
thing is you know we can't stay right in
front of the guy he just trade with them
all night long this brendan is very
strong in in the in the pocket and so
forth and you know his mouth we gonna
give me any plenty plenty ready for this
thing so I'm not worried I'm breath I
live a great performance Thank You
Freddie I'll let you go now radio Raheem
with the legendary freddie roach